---
title: Privacy Statement
---

This Policy describes the information we collect from you, 
how we use that information and our legal basis for doing so. 
It also covers whether and how that information may be shared 
and your rights and choices regarding the information you provide to us.

This Privacy Policy applies to the information that we obtain 
through your use of this website.


## Who we are

WRITE-A-SHORT-INTRO-ABOUT-US

We will never sell your personal data to anyone.

## What We Collect and Receive

In order for us to provide you the best possible experience on our website, 
we need to collect and process certain information. 
Depending on your use of the Services, that may include:

### Usage data 

When you visit our site, we will store some usage data about your visit. 
We process this usage data in [Matomo Analytics](https://matomo.org) for statistical purposes, 
to improve our site and to recognize and stop any misuse.


* Anonymized User IP address
* Generated User ID
* Date and time of the request
* Title of the page being viewed (Page Title)
* URL of the page being viewed (Page URL)
* URL of the page that was viewed prior to the current page (Referrer URL)
* Screen resolution being used
* Time in local user’s timezone
* Files that were clicked and downloaded (Download)
* Links to an outside domain that were clicked (Outlink)
* Pages generation time (the time it takes for webpages to be generated by the webserver and then downloaded by the user: Page speed)
* Location of the user: country, region, city, approximate latitude and longitude (Geolocation)
* Main Language of the browser being used (Accept-Language header)
* User Agent of the browser being used (User-Agent header)

### Cookies 

We use cookies (small data files transferred onto computers or devices by sites) 
for record-keeping purposes and to enhance functionality on our site. 
You may deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing 
the settings of your web browser. 
Cookies that are already stored may be deleted at any time.

## Opt-out of website tracking

You can opt out of being tracked by our Matomo Analytics instance below:

[You are either running adblock or the Analytics system cannot be reached.](#){is=matomo-opt-inout}


You may choose to prevent this website from aggregating and analyzing the actions you take here. 
Doing so will protect your privacy, but will also prevent the owner 
from learning from your actions and creating a better experience for you and other users.

## Your Rights

You have the right to be informed of Personal Data processed with Matomo, 
a right to rectification/correction, erasure and restriction of processing. 
You also have the right to ask from us a structured, 
common and machine-readable format of Personal Data you provided to us.

We can only identify you via your email address,
(which we do not generally collect unless you email us directly), and we can only adhere 
to your request and provide information if we have Personal Data 
about you through you having made contact with us directly and/or you using our site and/or service.

In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in your jurisdiction. 

## Subprocessors

We use a select number of trusted external service providers for certain 
technical data processing and/or service offerings. 
These service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and security standards. 
We only share information with them that is required for the services offered 
and we contractually bind them to keep any information we share with them as confidential 
and to process Personal Data only according to our instructions.

ORGANIZATION-NAME-HERE uses the following subprocessors to process the data collected by 
our website:

| Subprocessor          | Data location  | Service         |
|:----------------------|:---------------|:----------------|
| HOSTING-PROVIDER-NAME | USA            | Server hosting  |
| ANY-MSP-OR-TECHS      | USA            | IT Consulting   |


## Retention of data

We collect and maintain aggregated, anonymized or pseudonymized information 
which we may retain indefinitely to protect the safety and security of our Site, 
improve our Services or comply with legal obligations.


## Privacy Policy Changes

We may update this Policy from time to time. 
 

## Reusing this Privacy Policy

Before reading further, please, note that none of our team members are lawyers and 
do not provide legal or business advice.

You are welcome to reuse and be inspired by this Privacy Policy 
(published under [license CC BY](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) ) 
after making sure it complies with the way your website tracks, uses and discloses users information.

This privacy policy was derived from https://matomo.org/privacy-policy/.

The accuracy, completeness, adequacy of this privacy policy cannot be warranted or guaranteed. 
Please use it at your own risk.
